	Decision Making Process for the systems engineering group of FRC Team 2637 Phantom Catz

Purpose:
	This document will serve as guidelines for how decisions will be made within the systems engineering group of FRC Team 2637 - Phantom Catz.  This process will directly affect the build team, electronics team, and the programming team, but others are welcome to use it as guidelines for other uses.

6 Steps to Decisions
Step 1.  The first step in the decision making process will be to identify the challenge that the team is looking to overcome.  This challenge may be brought up by any member of the team.  If the team member is in the systems engineering group they will first inform their subteam captain.  If the team member is not within the systems engineering group they will bring the problem/idea to the systems engineering lead.

Step 2. The next step in the decision making process is to gather information on the topic that is being discussed.  The amount and depth of the research may vary based on the problem but every topic being discussed must have research behind it.  Thi research should be typed up in a format that will make it easy for others to understand and show the sources where the information was pulled from.

Step 3. The next step in the decision making process is to hold a preliminary design meeting.  This meeting will be conducted by the systems engineering lead and may include several topics in one meeting to save time.  This meeting will be open to all who wish to attend.  The topic will be explained to all, research will be provided, and then the team will discuss.  All are welcome to express opinions but this meeting must be kept short and to the point to prevent the loss of vital time.  At the conclusion of the preliminary design meeting a poll will be taken of all attendees, both students and mentors.  If a clear consensus is reached by all and no strong opposition is raised then the topic will be decided.  If several strong opinions are still in play then the meeting will move on to the next phase.

Step 4. The next step in the decision making process is a meeting of the Systems engineering group leadership.  This meeting will be open to viewers, but the people discussing will be the 3 subteam captains and the system engineering lead.  Their mentors will also be involved.  These 4 may also call in experts in the subject that is being discussed to provide additional information.  The 4 will work to make an informed decision.  

Step 5. The next step in the decision making process is to make an executive decision on an issue that needs to be decided and the team cannot come to a consensus.  This decision will be made by the system engineering lead and thier mentor.


Step 6.  This decision will then be written up into the team's engineering notebook and distributed to all team members to keep everyone informed of decisions being made and the direction that the systems engineering group is headed in. 
